How about the gift I asked you to prepare?
Even the gifts from many rotten people have been prepared.
Okay, as long as tonight's gift is given and someone comes to take it,
When the time comes, even if they are like this,
I can only talk about Mao Ye's writing drama.
But the Ye family can no longer let him look at it at will.
In the matter of Yitianwang Palace, it is not the case that Xiao Zhanglu can lift a girl.
Lord Longlong is interested in it
A small chapter that can be written down at night
When the time comes, I won’t be able to set it up at a glance.
This is considered caring
There are no settings for the New Year at night. Why, sir?
Okay, as long as I get fatter and fatter, I'll be fine again.
Thank you Xiaolong
How about the gift for the Mu family?
Everything is fine
Tonight we are going to run as if he has the most respectable face
Good, consecutive balls
Let’s write about the relationship, don’t talk about it
Your hands are like grass
Not that trash yet
He actually said that he was the emperor of the Astronomy Shop
I don't believe it, so I question him.
It's impossible to be like this
Can't see the emperor
It's really wrong. Don't use it. Don't worry.
Definitely the opponent
Tonight right?
Just thank you, Mr. Ye.
But I can’t see the emperor coming